[WIP] Help me to improve the website/docs/en directory of the English document, many of the paragraphs are translated from Chinese, please find out these sentences are not authentic, without changing the original meaning of the case, replaced by more authent... (#6015)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/output/minify.mdx

```

:::tip

> This approach is used for debugging and troubleshooting. Disabling code minification in production builds significantly degrades page performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach is used for debugging and troubleshooting. We do not recommend to disable code minification in production builds, as it will significantly degrade page performance.
```
